RUSSELL: I was just trying
to help the guy out.
DONNELL: I understand.
I wasn't selling, all right?
He was looking to score.
I took his 20,
I went down the block,
I asked a guy I know
to sell me a dime.
That left 10 bucks for me.
That's easy money.
That's why we're using
an agency defense.
It means you were acting
as an agent
for the buyer.
Look, Russell,
I think we have
a solid shot at this.
Okay.
9:00?
9:00,
court room five.
Russell,
is everything okay?
Yeah. I don't know.
I guess I'm, uh,
just nervous.
DONNELL:
I've seen you nervous.
Something's going on.
You know you can talk to me.
(sighs)
A few weeks ago
I was short on cash,
and there's this guy.
He's a dealer.
Only he's independent.
He doesn't run with the set.
He just--
he does things on his own.
I tried to rob him.
What else?
I know it was stupid,
all right?
The thing is,
he didn't give
the money up.
He grabbed for the gun
and I shot him.
He's dead?
(sighs)
Maybe you shouldn't be
telling me this.
No. Bobby, I got
a serious problem here,
all right? It turns out
this independent drug dealer
is not so independent, okay?
He ran with this guy
named Derek Grant.
Now, word is on the street,
when Grant finds out
who it is
that killed his boy,
whoever did it,
is dead.
(sighs) What are the chances
they know it was you?
I don't know.
He wants to meet me tonight,
corner of 128th and Linden.
You can't go.
I have to go.
I don't go,
he knows it was me.
DONNELL:
He must already know
if he's calling a meeting.
You can't go.
Bobby, he already knows
it's me.
I'm dead anyway, okay?
Look, I'm just
telling you this,
if he takes me out,
I don't want you
to let him walk.
If I'm dead,
you let someone know
what happened.
We need to talk about this.
Uh, I don't know.
Maybe the police.
I can't go
to the police, Bobby.
I killed somebody.
Look, I'll be there,
9:00,
court room five.
Russell,
I don't think you should go.
RUSSELL: 9:00.
I'll see you tomorrow.
(music playing)
(indistinct chatter)
DONNELL: (sighs)
I'm getting a bad feeling.
YOUNG:
He's been late before.
What, I shouldn't worry?
He went to meet with a man
who might wanna kill him.
I should have
never let him go.
Let's give him
a few more minutes.
(elevator dings)
(sighs)
DANIEL: I didn't rape anybody.
DOLE: Daniel...
I'm innocent, Ms. Dole.
DOLE: Even so,
you were convicted
seven years ago.
I don't...
DANIEL: But they're doing
these DNA tests now.
If I can get one...
Hold on.
It isn't that easy.
(sighs)
A guy in C-block
got 63 years.
They released him
last month
after running some tests.
It happens.
Don't tell me
it doesn't happen.
DOLE: I'm not saying
What I am saying,
the courts
get thousands of requests,
most of them
from guilty defendants
who wanna roll the dice.
DANIEL: Innocent people
do get released.
DOLE: Six so far
in Massachusetts.
Nationwide, it's like 90.
I know this isn't
what you wanna hear,
but convincing a court
to order more tests,
it's an extreme long shot.
And we would need
the DA's office
to support our request.
If this is about money...
It isn't.
Is it because you think
I'm guilty?
(sighs)
I guess I'm just
not optimistic.
The way you cared back then,
it stuck with me.
I got 40 years
for something I didn't do.
I need you.
There's another problem.
You'll becoming up
for parole.
There's a chance the board
could release you early.
DANIEL: I won't be considered
for another 10 years.
DOLE: But if you push this
and the results come back
confirming you're guilt...
That won't happen.
DOLE: If it does,
you could end up
serving the full 40.
There's a risk, Daniel.
Listen to me.
That will not happen.
Talk to the DA,
get the test.
WEEKS: You don't know
where your client is?
DONNELL: No, Your Honor.
I'm sorry.
I really don't.
He told you he'd be here?
Yes.
If this is a stunt
to buy time...
It isn't.
When did you last see him?
Last night.
And you haven't heard
from him today?
No.
Bench warrant ordered
for Mr. Hampton.
I'll hold the jury
for 24 hours.
In the meantime, Mr. Donnell,
I suggest you find your client.
Any ideas?
You know where he lives?
I know his address.
Let's go.
You think he's innocent?
I don't know what to think.
Why would he ask
for a DNA test?
Because he's desperate
and bored.
If you run the test,
we'll know for sure.
Wait a second.
I can't just ask for tests
without some legal basis.
Unless it's a favor,
which is what I'm asking for.
I was right out
of law school, Helen.
It wasn't inadequate council,
but it wasn't
my best work either.
You screwed up?
I don't think so, but...
You didn't.
Two rapes, four days apart,
both at the same time and night
in the same part of town.
I know the file.
He was identified
by both victims.
No alibi.
DOLE: Helen,
I know the file very well.
Look, this isn't easy for me.
You don't have to do this,
I know.
But the thing is,
I don't even think
he's innocent,
but if there's a chance he is,
I need to know.
YOUNG: He doesn't take
his meetings at home
by any chance.
I hope not.
Russell.
Oh, my God.
Are you the police?
DONNELL: No, Mrs. Hampton.
I'm Bobby Donnell.
This is Eugene Young.
We're attorneys.
We represent your husband.
Where is he?
Is he okay?
We were hoping
to find him here.
(sobs)
He didn't come home
last night.
Before he left,
he didn't tell me
where he was going.
What time was that,
do you remember?
MRS. HAMPTON: It was late.
I don't know.
I know it was after 1:00.
Something was wrong,
I could tell.
I'm sure your husband's fine,
Mrs. Hampton.
Do you know something?
No. I'm sorry. We don't.
You came here looking for him,
there's got to be a reason.
YOUNG: We were supposed
to start
your husband's trial
this morning.
We're here
because he didn't show up.
DONNELL: I'm sorry.
We can't be more help.
If you hear from Russell,
please let us know.
Yeah.
(sighs)
That bad feeling
you had before,
now I got it.
(door opens)
Problem?
Could be.
Seven-year-old double rape case.
I ordered a DNA test.
Why?
Favor bank.
Look, I'm sorry.
I didn't check with you first.
Anyway, the sample
from the first rape
was too degraded
to withstand any testing.
What about the second?
It wasn't a match.
(music playing)
We've had the wrong guy
in prison
for seven years.
Seems so.
So you'll release him?
Well...
DOLE: What well?
How can you not?
He's cleared
on one rape, Lindsay,
but on the other...
The rapes
were connected, Helen.
The prosecution
argued that at trial.
Beyond all reasonable doubt,
I might add.
The victim ID'd your client.
Both victims ID'd my client.
If one turns out
to be clearly wrong
and the rapes are connected...
We can't just kick him.
Why not?
All right.
(sighs) Uh, take a breath.
I'm gonna go talk
to the victim,
then I'll go see Gavin Brown.
Who is Gavin Brown?
(sighs) The DNA we tested,
it didn't just exonerate
your client.
It came back an exact match
to an inmate
doing three years at Concord
for burglary.
(music playing)
DONNELL: I think
I should go to the police.
YOUNG: You can't.
Eugene...
YOUNG: Bobby, do we really
need to go through this again?
The client told you
what happened in confidence.
He killed somebody.
You can't risk making him
a homicide suspect.
DONNELL: Russell said
he'd be in court at the trial.
He also said
if anything happened to him,
tell the police
about the Derek Grant.
He said if he were taken out.
We don't know
if he's been killed.
DONNELL: So what do we do?
Just continue to sit tight?
YOUNG: Yes.
For how long?
What if we do tell the police
about Derek Grant?
The police will go see him,
and he tells them
how his partner was murdered
by Russell Hampton.
We just made our client
the primary suspect
in a murder.
Is that what
you suggesting we do?
Russell's intent was,
if he disappears,
go to the police.
He's disappeared.
I have to make
a call here, Eugene.
Okay. Look,
if we go to the police,
we tell them as little
as possible.
That we are worried
about our client.
We think he's in danger.
That's it.
If necessary,
we suggest they talk
to Derek Grant.
Nothing else.
No matter what they ask.
I should have stopped him.
You need to get that
out of your mind.
Come on.
Let's do this.
DOLE: The results we have
are only preliminary,
but it's pretty certain.
Then why won't they
let me out?
Because, technically,
you're only cleared
on one rape,
the second one.
The first one, Amy Henley,
the DNA doesn't
clear you of that.
Uh, only because
it couldn't be tested.
DOLE: I understand.
And it's likely
the DA will see it that way,
but she wants to talk
to the victim
and this other suspect.
Suspect?
I thought the DNA
was conclusive.
Yes. They've got him
on the second rape.
On the first,
he's just a suspect.
Are you saying
that after proving in court,
that both rapes
were committed by the same man,
now they can argue
that they were committed
by different people?
Yes.
How--
What's going on?
DOLE: Daniel,
the DA's office
doesn't do cartwheels
at the chance to free
convicted rapists.
Even when they turned out
to be innocent?
In their minds, you haven't
turned out to be innocent yet.
Let's just take this
one step at a time.
This is great news.
Your 40-year sentence,
it's gone for good.
You're worried
about your client?
Yes. We think his life
could be in danger.
That's it?
You have to tell me
more than that.
It's privileged, Mike.
We can't say more.
MIKE: Well,
what do you want me to do?
You have to give me
something to go on?
Look, the warrant squad's
already on this.
I can't have detectives
without information.
There's a man named
Derek Grant...
Drug dealer, Jamaica Plain.
He might know
where to find our client.
Does Russell Hampton
have a problem with Derek Grant?
That's not something
we're able to discuss.
You can't just tell me
Derek Grant
and expect...
DONNELL: Mike,
that's all we know.
As a friend, we're asking you
to question the guy.
I can't do that.
You can't just ask him
a couple of questions?
No.
Why not?
Because Derek Grant
was shot to death
two nights ago on the corner
of 128th and Linden.
(alarm buzzes)
I didn't rape
any seven-year-old.
That's not what I said.
You just said I did
some seven-year-old rape.
That's not--
(sighs) All right.
Let's try this again.
Seven years ago,
you raped two women,
one named Karen Garvey.
I don't think
I know the name.
I don't think you ever did,
but that certainly
didn't stop you.
You know, I have
to be honest with you,
I'm kind of losing
interest here.
You broke into her house.
BROWN: All right.
You...
BROWN: It's official.
I'm actually bored.
All right.
Then let me see if I can try
to get your attention.
Your DNA was found
at the crime scene.
Hmm.
GAMBLE: That's right.
Your semen was found
inside the victim.
It's funny, Mr. Brown.
You don't look so bored anymore.
You just look guilty.
What do you want?
I wanna know
what happened.
Forget it.
You got a case, make it,
but you're not gonna get
a thing from me.
Fine.
Tomorrow morning,
my office will charge you
with raping Karen Garvey.
You'll be stupid,
demand a trial,
which you'll lose,
and a judge will sentence you
to 20 years.
Are you done?
Do I look done?
We'll also charged you
with raping Amy Henley.
Who's that?
It's the wrong time
to insult me, Mr. Brown.
I am giving you a chance
to earn my respect.
Another man was convicted
for both these rapes.
He has been in jail
for seven years.
You could tell the truth
and let this man go home
to his family.
I have never raped anyone
in my entire life.
An innocent man
is sitting in prison.
Try and get this,
Ms. Gamble.
I don't care.
I wouldn't have care
seven years ago
and I don't care now.
HATCHER: Hello?
Don't we answer pages anymore?
Why?
HATCHER: He's in your office.
Who?
HATCHER: Russell Hampton.
He's been in there
like an hour.
Well, at least,
he's not dead.
Where the hell have you been?
Didn't know where else to go.
YOUNG: What happened?
RUSSELL: I meant to be
at the trial, I just--
things just got a little
out of control.
It's not just about
the trial anymore.
The police want to talk to you
about Derek Grant.
Why would the police connect me
to Derek Grant?
Because I told them to.
You what?
DONNELL: I don't know
what else to do.
You said you would be
in court at 9:00.
When you didn't show--
you gave me
specific instructions.
You ordered me
to tell the police.
If I was dead?
I thought you were dead.
Well, don't you think
you should have made sure.
Bobby, you just give me up
for a murder.
DONNELL: All they wanna do
is talk to you, Russell.
I don't believe this.
I got to get myself
out of Boston.
YOUNG: Hold on.
RUSSELL: (groans)
What happened to you?
What do you think?
I got shot.
You need to get
to the hospital.
I'm fine.
Look, I don't know
what happened, okay?
I went to see Grant.
We were talking and I thought
I'm okay.
You know,
he doesn't know it's me.
Next thing I know,
he just started shooting.
DONNELL: Uh, all right.
Look, if it was self-defense...
RUSSELL: How can you explain it?
It's like a--it's like something
just snapped in my head.
It's...
Russell, listen to me.
I told them you weren't here.
DONNELL: Who?
Russell Hampton,
you're under arrest
for the murder
of Derek Grant.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say,
can and will be used against you
in the court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney.
If you cannot afford one,
one will be appointed for you.
You understand these rights?
GAMBLE: I'm sorry,
Mrs. Garvey.
The results were confirmed.
That it's a mistake.
GAMBLE: Well, if there were
any chance of that,
I wouldn't be here.
There's no mistake.
The man you identified
is not the man who raped you.
It's just--
it doesn't make sense
when it happened--
while it happened,
I studied his face.
I knew how important
it would be to remember.
Mrs. Garvey, you were shown
a photo array.
Uh, some experts think
that this puts
too much pressure
on the victim to pick out one
that looks most like
the attacker.
That's not what happened.
I know it was him.
His name is Gavin Brown
and he looks a little like
the man you identified.
Another victim
identify him too.
And she was also
likely mistaken.
HENLEY: I am not mistaken.
This is not the man.
Please, Ms. Henley,
take another look.
There is a resemblance.
I know the man who raped me,
Ms. Gamble.
This isn't him.
That's what Karen Garvey said,
and until this morning,
she was a hundred percent sure
that the right man
was in prison.
Now, we're a hundred percent
sure she's wrong.
Did the DNA clear Daniel Glenn
of my rape?
No. The sample in yours
was too degraded
to be tested.
Daniel Glenn
is the one who raped me.
Maybe this man
raped Karen Garvey.
Ms. Henley,
Daniel Glenn did landscaping
for both you and Karen Garvey.
We think that's how
you knew him.
Now, when the police
showed you photos
at the precinct,
you both picked him out
because he looked familiar.
I was raped for over an hour.
The man responsible
was inches away.
I know you believe
it was Daniel Glenn.
Oh, you don't think I'm sure?
(music playing)
After he cut me,
he licked my blood
off the knife.
I can still see
his face as he...
With all due respect,
you never testified
to that at trial.
I couldn't even bring myself
to remember it at trial,
but I remember it now.
And I remember the face
of the man who did it.
It was Daniel Glenn.
MAN: Commonwealth versus
Russell Hampton
on the charge of murder
in the first degree.
DONNELL: We're ready
to plead not guilty.
WEEKS: Well, Mr. Hampton,
now I understand
why you didn't wanna show up
for trial,
you've been busy.
I object to that.
WEEKS: I apologize.
No bail.
We'll set a trial date
for March 10th.
Put him back in lock up.
Your Honor, the Commonwealth
is seeking a blood sample
from this defendant.
On what grounds?
There was blood found
at the crime scene,
as well as on the victim.
We believe the blood
may have come
from the defendant.
They have no legal basis
to make that connection.
In fact, I don't know
what the probable cause is
to even connect my client
to the crime.
Well, the suspect's life
was in danger.
We were told that
by Mr. Donnell.
Mr. Donnell also requested
that we question the victim
and connects him with
the suspect's disappearance,
and the suspect has a wound.
Something tells us
the suspect's blood
might be found near the victim.
DONNELL: They're using
privileged information.
You waived it.
I don't have the authority
to waive it.
It was my mistake.
WEEKS: But the Commonwealth
shouldn't be penalized for it,
Mr. Donnell.
I'm ordering the warrant
for the blood test.
In the future council,
you might not wanna tip
the police off
to your client's crimes.
Adjourned.
(door opens)
Have a seat.
I'm not getting a good feeling.
We're clearing Daniel Glenn
on the rape of Karen Garvey,
and we will agree
to a new trial
on the rape of Amy Henley.
What?
GAMBLE: Lindsay, it's possible
these two rapes were committed
by two different men.
You've got to be kidding.
GAMBLE: Amy Henley is positive
that you're client...
DOLE: Karen Garvey was positive.
Witnesses are positive
all the time.
GAMBLE: Gavin Brown also denies
the Henley rape. If we...
DOLE: Oh, great.
Let's take his word.
Lindsay.
DOLE: Oh, come on, Helen.
This is politics.
You know, Daniel Glenn
is innocent.
We don't know.
Is this your call?
Look,
Lindsay, I don't wanna fight.
I'll asked you a question,
Helen.
Is this your call?
No, it comes from above.
Lindsay, the fact is
we don't know
Daniel Glenn is innocent.
If we did,
things might be different.
DOLE: You know.
You know.
(music playing)
RUSSELL: You gave me up.
DONNELL: I didn't give you up.
RUSSELL: You told the police.
Russell, I thought
you were dead.
You said if you were taken out
to go the police.
Uh, I thought...
Look, there's a possibility
we can suppress
what I told them.
If so...
You told the police I was
at your office, didn't you?
You stalled me and you...
and you gave them time
to arrest me.
Of course,
I didn't do that.
Russell, we thought
Derek Grant killed you.
We're on your side.
So what happens now?
Bobby and I are gonna do
some research.
We'll come back to you
with a plan.
How do I stay safe?
Derek Grant
has a lot of friends
that could take me out
right in here.
This place is guarded.
They won't get in here.
You gave me up.
We didn't give you up.
(indistinct chatter)
DONNELL: The question is,
since privilege
is the client's right to assert,
if the lawyer reveals
privileged information,
can the client
still prevent it
from being used against him?
But if the client gave
permission to waive privilege...
DONNELL: We'll challenge
whether he did that.
Jimmy help Rebecca.
Ellenor, I like you
to pitch in too.
FRUTT: I'm working
on the Morris case.
DONNELL:
Drop whatever else you got.
We just succeeded
in getting our client
arrested for murder.
That's bad for business.
I want everybody on it.
DOLE: The first victim
insists she made the right ID.
DANIEL: (sighs)
How can this be?
DOLE: Sometimes the victim
becomes invested
in the ID.
They want it to be him.
The police tell her it's him,
so in her mind,
she starts playing along.
She starts putting his face
into those memories.
It's called
retroactive interference.
I've got doctors
who can testify to it.
Where were those doctors
at my first trial?
Well,
they'll be at this one.
So I'm gonna be prosecuted
all over again.
DOLE: Unfortunately, yes.
The DA's office
doesn't know you're innocent.
And without being able
to prove that you are
there's no...
What?
There is someone who can prove
you're innocent.
DANIEL: Who?
Gavin Brown.
Do I look that crazy?
DOLE: Daniel Glenn got 40 years
for something you did.
Yeah. And children are starving
to death in Crapistan.
My father
never hugged me enough.
DOLE: Mr. Brown...
BROWN: What? I'm not interested.
I know why you're here
and I don't care.
Let's talk self-interest.
Yours or mine.
Yours.
They have DNA
on the Garvey rape.
That means 20 years
maybe more.
I might know a way
you could do less time.
I'm listening.
You'd need to confess
to the Amy Henley rape.
Confess to a rape
the DA can't prove?
That's how you think
I'll do less time?
Yes.
The DA will reduce
my sentence
if I confess
to another rape?
The DA might reduce
your sentence
for letting an innocent man
go free.
You have something
the DA wants.
And that is?
The truth.
So I get a complete pass
on rape number one?
DOLE: Yes.
And a reduced sentence
for rape number two.
Why would the DA
ever go along with that?
GAMBLE: Good question.
We can get 20 years
for the rape we can prove.
I'm not giving him less time
for admitting he raped
another woman.
DOLE: Helen,
you can try Gavin Brown,
use the DNA,
get your 20 years.
Then you can retrial
Daniel Glenn,
and, hey, you might
even win there too.
You'll get
everything you want,
except the truth.
You think you know
what the truth is, Lindsay?
Gavin Brown does,
and he's willing
to trade it
in exchange for a deal.
It's not that simple.
Why can't it be?
Look,
all I'm asking
is that you hear him out.
If you think he's lying,
call it off and try them both.
But if you believe him,
if he convinces you he's guilty,
make the deal
and release my client.
Your office doesn't want
the wrong man in prison
any more than I do.
Look, I was willing
to do you a favor.
Well, then do me another one.
I took the thing
court-appointed.
It was a three-day trial
for two rapes.
I should have...
(sighs)
Lindsay,
get Mr. Brown a lawyer.
If he can prove
he's guilty,
I'll make a deal.
I'm not just accepting
a confession.
(music playing)
He did it, Ms. Dole.
He'll have enough specifics,
how could he not?
It was seven years ago,
and from his demeanor,
he probably forgot
about raping Amy Henley
ten minutes
after he did it.
We are making progress,
Daniel.
We just can't get
our hopes up.
Thank you for trying.
Let's just hope it works.
(door opens)
DONNELL: You warned me
not to go forward.
All these days
I listened to you.
He instructed you
to go forward
if he were killed.
Which he wasn't.
Russell Hampton is responsible
for his situation, Bobby.
He murdered two people.
But he's in custody
because his own lawyer
gave him up.
(music playing)
(sighs) This is it?
We're still checking
the other jurisdictions.
This doesn't help me.
FRUTT:
That's the research, Bobby.
Don't blame
the researchers.
DONNELL: I got to be able
to tell them something
more than this.
We'll keep looking.
Tell Eugene I'm going
to see the client.
(door opens)
I don't think he liked
the research.
I've read the agreement.
Just so we're clear,
he gets 10 years
in full satisfaction
for both crimes.
Provided we believe
he's telling the truth.
That's pretty subjective.
How do we know
you'll live up to your end?
GAMBLE: Because, Mr. Palmer,
I gave you my word.
PALMER: With all due respect,
Ms. Gamble,
you've tried to back out
of these deals before.
I'm gonna need
more than just your word.
Then take mine.
We have a deal, Council,
let's get it done.
You already know
about Karen Garvey.
I can't really argue
with DNA.
Well, get
to Karen Garvey later.
Tell us how you raped
Amy Henley.
She was my first.
Back then I was...
strictly a burglary guy.
I'd scope up these houses
and I'd try to make sure
people weren't home.
And I'd get inside,
take a look around.
But, well,
a couple of times
it turns out I was wrong,
and I get inside, and...
find a woman
who's sleeping upstairs.
Is that how you found
Amy Henley?
There's a lot of women
I never touched.
I was standing right above them
and they never knew.
And after a while, I...
start thinking
about doing things.
But...
Amy,
she was just my first.
We need to know
what happened, Mr. Brown.
I raped her.
How did you get inside
the house?
(scoffs) It's, uh...
it's seven years ago. I...
Does that mean
you don't remember?
No, I don't. No.
Uh, maybe I, uh...
I think I went around back
and found a way in.
WALSH:
The details escape you.
Uh, that detail? Yes.
So you have no recollection.
BROWN: Look,
that's what I did.
I broke into houses.
Uh, most of the time, uh,
I'd punch out a window
or if I could,
I'd pick the lock.
But...
I didn't keep a log
of which house was what.
We're listening.
(music playing)
I raped her.
Where?
In the bedroom,
I already told you that.
Weapon?
BROWN: Knife,
a folding knife.
Did you stab or injured her
with the knife?
No.
Oh,
uh,
I don't know
if it was her or Garvey,
but I cut her.
I cut her chest a little.
You cut her chest?
And I licked the blood
off the blade.
Don't know why.
Maybe I was just crazy.
It was Brown.
Deal was made.
Your client
will be released today.
Thank you.
My office thanks you.
I guess sometimes justice
is a team effort, huh, Lindsay?
I better go tell him.
Congratulations, Lindsay.
Thanks.
I owe you, Helen.
I owe you.
(music playing)
What about an appeal?
We can try, but to be honest,
I don't think it'll work.
It's my blood, Bobby.
When the test come back
they'll know I killed him.
All the blood does
is put you at the scene.
It doesn't prove
you killed anyone.
What about self-defense?
You said we could argue
self-defense.
And we will.
That's a winner, right?
Because this guy--this guy
was gonna kill me, Bobby.
The problem, you knew
that meeting might get violent,
you went there with a gun.
(sighs)
It's your fault.
When this started,
all they had
was a dying bag of crack.
Now, they'll gonna charge me
with murder.
You told me
to go forward if...
RUSSELL: If I was dead.
Do I look dead?
Hey, they couldn't charge you
with murder if you didn't
keep killing people.
You gave me up.
Shut up, Russell,
and just listen.
I think
we should consider insanity.
What?
DONNELL: You said it yourself,
something snapped.
You felt as though
you flipped a switch.
No, I am not crazy.
You are out of control.
Now, this is your fault, Bobby.
DONNELL: We can make a showing
that you couldn't distinguish
right from wrong.
RUSSELL: No. I trusted you.
And look what you...
(grunts)
RUSSELL: (grunts)
(music playing)
OFFICER: Okay. Okay.
Code red.
C-block, 514-514.
OFFICER: Get in there,
get up now.
OFFICER: Let go.
(indistinct chatter)
OFFICER: Get him.
OFFICER: Cuff him.
Come on.
Hold him. Hold him.
Get him up.
Take him up.
OFFICER: Okay, let's go.
Let's go. Get him.
Get a medic now.
Go get a doctor.
WOMAN (over PA):
Dr. Collin to CCU.
YOUNG: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where is he?
YOUNG: He's okay.
He's bruised
and he's shaken up,
but he's okay.
Where's Lindsay?
I couldn't reach her.
All right. Well,
let's just keep it
together in there.
He doesn't need to see us
come apart.
Hey.
DONNELL: Hey.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Well, how's the other guy look?
They'll let me out tomorrow.
I talked to the court.
And they've assigned
Russell Hampton
to another lawyer.
Look, guys,
I'm okay.
I talked to the cops and--
FRUTT: The doctor said
he was gonna let you out
tomorrow?
YOUNG: Let's not everybody
talk at once, okay?
Listen, Bobby,
you should get some rest.
I'm fine.
You don't need to worry, okay?
Look at this.
I can fit my entire life
into one cardboard box.
What are you gonna do,
Daniel?
Have you thought about work
or where you'll live?
No, not really.
I, um--I have some family
in New York.
Listen, uh, Ms. Dole,
I said before, you know,
how it stuck with me,
how much you cared,
but, uh,
I never...
What do you say to a person
who just gave you
your life back?
(music playing)
Uh,
why are you looking
at me funny?
The truth is,
I didn't care.
At least, not enough.
I put on a day-and-a-half
defense for two rapes.
I, um...
those victims, they...
they didn't just convinced
themselves
you were the guy,
or the jury,
they convinced me as well.
It wasn't malpractice,
I gave it the old
three-day college try,
but that's all you got.
I'm not the lawyer
who gave you
your life back.
I'm the one that helped you
lose seven years of it.
So should you sue me,
I'm sure my carrier
would work out
some sort of settlement,
and I never said that.
So, uh,
until we meet again.
(music playing)
You stinker!
-- Captions by Vitac --